what we learn there is a new way of
viewing knowledge
knowledge being this kind of entity that
once it has appeared in a particular
environment it will tend to cause itself
to remain in that environment it will
copy itself it will replicate itself it
has this kind of robust capacity to
avoid the usual vagaries of physical
forces a rock once it comes out of a
volcano or via whatever process that
produces the rock isn't able to cause
itself to remain in existence it's
subject to erosion it'll disappear
eventually
typical species of organisms will tend
to go extinct over time as the
environment changes
very little has the property in physical
reality of tending to cause itself to
remain in existence